<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [XYZ3d][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
    *   [Examples][3]
*   [gotoSceneZone][4]
    *   [Parameters][5]
    *   [Examples][6]
*   [nextSceneZone][7]
    *   [Parameters][8]
    *   [Examples][9]
*   [setup][10]
    *   [Examples][11]
*   [reset][12]
    *   [Examples][13]
*   [onPointerDown][14]
    *   [Parameters][15]
    *   [Examples][16]
*   [onHoverOver][17]
    *   [Parameters][18]
    *   [Examples][19]
*   [onHoverOff][20]
    *   [Parameters][21]
    *   [Examples][22]
*   [onSwipeUp][23]
    *   [Examples][24]
*   [onSwipeDown][25]
    *   [Examples][26]
*   [onUpdate][27]
    *   [Parameters][28]
    *   [Examples][29]
*   [onProgressLoading][30]
    *   [Parameters][31]
    *   [Examples][32]

## XYZ3d

Creates an instance of XYZ3d, a helper framework for 3D websites.

### Parameters

*   `config` **[Object][33]** The configuration object for the XYZ3d instance.

    *   `config.debug` **[Boolean][34]** Enables or disables debugging mode. Defaults to false.
    *   `config.jsonPath` **[String][35]** The path to the 3D scene created with the corresponding plugin.
    *   `config.domElements` **[Object][33]** The IDs of the HTML elements used to link the Three.js components.

        *   `config.domElements.canvas` **[String][35]** The rendering canvas.
        *   `config.domElements.popup` **[String][35]** The content popup.
    *   `config.camera` **[Object][33]** The configuration object for the camera.

        *   `config.camera.orbit` **[Boolean][34]** Enables or disables orbit camera controls. When enabled, gyro and followMouse are disabled automatically. Defaults to false.
        *   `config.camera.cameraShiftAmount` **[Number][36]** Controls the intensity of X/Y camera movement when orbit is off. Defaults to 0.05.
        *   `config.camera.followMouse` **[Boolean][34]** Enables or disables camera movement based on hovering pointer position, only for desktop. Defaults to true.
        *   `config.camera.gyro` **[Boolean][34]** Enables or disables camera movement based on gyroscope movement, only for mobile. Defaults to true.
        *   `config.camera.gyroScale` **[Boolean][34]** Scales the gyroscope movement of the camera, only for mobile. Defaults to 20.
        *   `config.camera.fov` **[Number][36]** Controls camera field of view. Defaults to 30.
        *   `config.camera.cameraSmoothTime` **[Number][36]** Controls camera movement time in seconds. Defaults to 0.25.
        *   `config.camera.cameraFramePadding` **[Number][36]** Controls the amount of padding from the interactable elements to the sides of the display, to ensure all interactables of the current zone are always in frame. Defaults to 1.
        *   `config.camera.postEffects` **[Object][33]** The configuration object for post effects.

            *   `config.camera.postEffects.enabled` **[Boolean][34]** Enables or disables post effects. Defaults to true.
            *   `config.camera.postEffects.bloom` **[Object][33]** The configuration object for bloom post effects.

                *   `config.camera.postEffects.bloom.enabled` **[Boolean][34]** Enables or disables bloom post effects. Defaults to true.
                *   `config.camera.postEffects.bloom.exposure` **[Number][36]** Controls bloom post effects exposure. Defaults to 1.1.
                *   `config.camera.postEffects.bloom.threshold` **[Number][36]** Controls bloom post effects threshold. Defaults to 0.1.
                *   `config.camera.postEffects.bloom.strength` **[Number][36]** Controls bloom post effects strength. Defaults to 1.
                *   `config.camera.postEffects.bloom.radius` **[Number][36]** Controls bloom post effects radius. Defaults to 1.
            *   `config.camera.postEffects.antialias` **[Boolean][34]** Enables or disables antialiasing post effects. Defaults to true.

### Examples

```javascript
const xyzed = new XYZ3d({
	jsonPath: 'scene.json',
	domElements: {
		canvas: 'main-canvas',
		popup: 'popup-content',
	}
})
```

## gotoSceneZone

This function moves the camera to a scene zone with the given name. The scene zones correspond to different pages in a website or application. The dampSpeed parameter controls the speed at which the camera moves to the new zone.

### Parameters

*   `name` **[String][35]** *   The name of the scene zone to move to, this is defined inside the blender plugin.
*   `dampTime` **[number][36]** The speed at which the camera lerps to the new zone. defaults to 0.1 seconds

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.gotoSceneZone('About')
```

## nextSceneZone

### Parameters

*   `increment` **[Number][36]** the incremental value to move scene zones by, value can be negative or positive. Defaults to 1. (optional, default `1`)
*   `dampTime` **[number][36]** The speed at which the camera lerps to the new zone. defaults to 0.1 seconds (optional, default `null`)

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.nextSceneZone()
```

## setup

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.setup()
```

## reset

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.reset()
```

## onPointerDown

### Parameters

*   `eventData` **[object][33]** The intersected 3d model and corresponding html content

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.onPointerDown = (event) => { console.log(event) }
```

## onHoverOver

### Parameters

*   `eventData` **[object][33]** The intersected 3d model and corresponding html content

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.onHoverOver = (event) => { console.log(event) }
```

## onHoverOff

### Parameters

*   `eventData` **[object][33]** The intersected 3d model and corresponding html content

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.onHoverOff = (event) => { console.log(event) }
```

## onSwipeUp

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.onSwipeUp = () => { console.log('Swipe up detected') }
```

## onSwipeDown

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.onSwipeDown = () => { console.log('Swipe down detected') }
```

## onUpdate

### Parameters

*   `deltaTime` **[number][36]** The time the previous frame took in seconds.

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.onUpdate = (deltaTime) => { console.log(deltaTime) }
```

## onProgressLoading

### Parameters

*   `step` **[number][36]** The model index being loaded.
*   `steps` **[number][36]** The total models to be loaded.
*   `percent` **[number][36]** The percentage loaded of the current model.

### Examples

```javascript
XYZ3d.onProgressLoading = (step, steps, percent) => { console.log(step, steps, percent) }
```

[1]: #xyz3d

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #gotoscenezone

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #examples-1

[7]: #nextscenezone

[8]: #parameters-2

[9]: #examples-2

[10]: #setup

[11]: #examples-3

[12]: #reset

[13]: #examples-4

[14]: #onpointerdown

[15]: #parameters-3

[16]: #examples-5

[17]: #onhoverover

[18]: #parameters-4

[19]: #examples-6

[20]: #onhoveroff

[21]: #parameters-5

[22]: #examples-7

[23]: #onswipeup

[24]: #examples-8

[25]: #onswipedown

[26]: #examples-9

[27]: #onupdate

[28]: #parameters-6

[29]: #examples-10

[30]: #onprogressloading

[31]: #parameters-7

[32]: #examples-11

[33]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[34]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[35]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[36]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
